#summary Getting Started with PHP-Ext
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Requirements =

PHP-Ext has a few requirements.  

  * The first requirement its a web server (Apache, IIS) with PHP enabled.  PHP-Ext works for PHP5.  You can also use server packages like XAMPP for ready-to-use web server with PHP support
   Requirements Reference: 
    * The Apache HTTP Server Project ([http://httpd.apache.org/download.cgi])
    * PHP ([http://www.php.net/downloads.php])
    * XAMPP ([http://www.apachefriends.org/en/xampp.html])

  * The second requiremente is the Ext JS Library which can be downloaded from [http://extjs.com/download].  the samples are built to work with extjs-2.0.2

= Step by Step =

== Full version ==
The Full version includes the library files, the [http://php-ext.quimera-solutions.com/examples sample] pages and the full [http://php-ext.quimera-solutions.com/docs/api API Documentation].  It also includes a CHM file for offline reference.
  # Download the php-ext full version from [http://code.google.com/p/php-ext/downloads/list]
  # Decompress the php-ext zip file under the document root of the web server
    This will create the folder php-ext.  This is the installation folder
  # Decompress the Ext JS zip file under the folder /resources of the installation folder
  # Go to http://mywebserver/php-ext and enjoy the samples and docs
  # To use the library in one of your projects, copy the php-ext and the extjs folders to your project path and add an to include the Ext.php file.  See Library Only for further instructions.

== Library Only ==
If you want to include the library in one or all of your projects:
  # Download the php-ext library version from [http://code.google.com/p/php-ext/downloads/list]
  # Open the zip file and copy the php-ext folder into your project path
  # Decompress the Ext JS zip file under your project path
  # Include the "Ext.php" file in the script.
  # Include the corresponding files for the classes you need to use.
  # For API documentation download the full version

= Useful Links =
  * [http://php-ext.quimera-solutions.com Project Website]
  * [http://php-ext.quimera-solutions.com/blog PHP-Ext Blog]
  * [http://php-ext.quimera-solutions.com/docs/api API Documentation]
  * [http://groups.google.com/group/php-ext PHP-Ext Discussion Group]